The next level of rendering for Poser is here.

Reality 3 is your connection from Poser to LuxRender, the physically-based, unbiased, Open Source renderer that is taking the 3D world by storm.

LuxRender gives you astounding levels of realism by rendering light and materials with absolute physical fidelity.

Reality converts your Poser materials, lights and cameras so that you can render your Poser scene with LuxRender.

Here are some of the many features of Reality 3 at a glance:

- Gain access to the extraordinary power of LuxRender with an ease of use and flexibility that is unparalleled.
- Render scenes that can compete with the ones generated by software that costs thousands of dollars… for less than $60!
- Conversion of Poser materials, including procedural nodes.
- Fully featured, node-less material editor. Edit the converted materials or create your own settings.
- Material preview.
- Edit procedural textures with live preview.
- Zero-click SSS.
- Volumetric materials.
- Skin material.
- Photo-realistic Water.
- Picture-perfect metals with presets.
- Cloth material.
- Support of all Poser lights, including IBL. 
- Expanded IBL support to include hdr and OpenEXR maps in Angular and LatLong layouts.
- Projector lights.
- IES lights support.
- Animation support.
- Works on 32 and 64 bit computers, Mac OS or Windows.
- Much, much more.


**Testimonials**
“This program is a must have.” **- Tempesta3D@Renderosity**

“…the near photo realistic quality reachable with the free Luxrender system is realy amazing (and I’m used to Mental Ray or C4D)” **– giese4rundna@RuntimeDNA**

“Reality3 is a giant leap for artist-kind. Finally, I can use Poser for final renders.” - toulouse2@RuntimeDNA
“The crystal clear twinkle of glass under ancient lights, the flash of brightly colored spell effects blazing in a starlit night, the blush of freckles ‘tween lace and auburn curls, and the softness of light filtering through darkness and dust. But, what I love most? Seeing everything from fantasy, to goth, to steampunk, to backyard romance come to life in the renders of Reality, looking just as if they walked from a photograph — or your own back door right onto your sceen!!” **– Mary Williams – (Nightsong)**

“Fortunate enough to have beta tested and created renders for Reality, it changed the way I view the tools of my creation, and how to use them. I learned more about Poser in the last six weeks as a result of Reality than I have since I opened Poser in 1998. Reality forced me to rethink, plan and hone every technical weapon in the render arsenal and the proof is visible. Having a bridge to Lux with such powerful materials is the gateway to a physics based render world with limitless potential. ” **- Syyd Raven. Co-founder of  RuntimeDNA**

“Reality to me is the key to the Render Alchemist’s Cabinet of Lux! From day one with Reality3 I was seeing possibilities that I never considered with just Poser alone. Reality takes what we already know and do in Poser and expands it into the Real. I cannot begin to say how impressed I am with the material system, and how easy Paolo has made it for us to use. It has been an absolute pleasure working with Reality 3, and it has truly opened my eyes to a brighter physically lit future.” **-Eric VanDycke (Traveler) . Co-founder of  RuntimeDNA**
