{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
###The LuxRender development team\
I personally want to acknowledge and thank all the developers and dedicated individuals who made LuxRender a reality, no pun intended. LuxRender is a real gem of a program. Through the genius and dedication of the developers we now have a state-of-the-art renderer that is available to everybody, on all major Operating Systems, and that has been designed to last a long time. \
 In particular we would like to thank David Bucciarelli, Jean-Philippe Grimaldi, Jens Verwiebe, Simon Wendsche, and Vlad Miller. Many thanks to all the other developers as well. LuxRender is a better program because of all of you!\
\
Please go to http://www.luxrender.net and thank the generous people who made this possible.\
\
###The Reality beta testing team\
I'd like also to thank the invaluable beta testers who helped discovering several bugs. They did an astounding job at testing every part of Reality with as many models as possible and provided great feedback throughout the process. A big thank goes to: \
\
Angela Knight, Edward Ganges, Emily Smirle, Erik Wallace, Frederic Jouret, Ilja Baer, Jeff Kraschinski, Joe Thoennes, Joel Lovell, John Kosiorek, John Whiting, Julio Oliveira, Lyne "I'll test every feature" Frappier, Marcel Michorius, Martin Hoffmann, Neils Henriksen, Peter Kember, Robert Waetjen, Rose McClain, Sylvio Deutsch, Watson Prunier.\
\
A special thank goes to Lee Furssedonn for providing 200 IBL light presets, in Poser and Studio format, for all Reality artists to use. \
\
A special thank goes to Russ Sprouse for proofing this guide and providing detailed notes and corrections. Special thanks to John Reilly also for helping with the mesh light and other great free props that John makes for the Reality community.\
\
A huge thanks to Kim Frick for her continuos help with the Reality community and for supporting the program with her infinite generosity.\
\
I also want to thank some of the Poser/Studio vendors who provided presets for their products. They are:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 - Rafeeqah Llena from Shifting Images\
- Eliot Gutierrez from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://freelancecomics.blogspot.mx/"}}{\fldrslt http://freelancecomics.blogspot.mx/}}\
- Janet Coulter  from Mistique Graphics
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
If I forgot anybody, my deepest apologies.\
\
###The makers of [PS]\
Reality [PS] Edition would not have been possible without the help of the dedicated, fun and skilled people at Smith Micro. I particularly want to thank Steve Cooper, Larry Weinberg, Stefan Werner, Uli Klumpp and Jack Walther for their great help. SmithMicro changed the actual code of [PS] to support Reality, a dedication that speaks volumes about their commitment to [PS] and its great community of artists.\
\
###The one who made it all possible\
Lastly I want to thank my wife Holly, for her saint-like patience in dealing with an "hermit" husband for the months that it took to develop Reality. She also provided invaluable help in reviewing and editing this manual\'85 again.  If this guide is at all readable it's all because of her attention, amazing editorial skills, and great wisdom. All the mistakes are entirely mine.\
\
\
_Paolo Ciccone, author of Reality_\
}