{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The sharpness or softness of the shadows is not based on the brightness of the light but on its **size**. For example, the Sun is a very small light source in reference to people and even buildings. Of course we know that the Sun is several times the size of the Earth, but because of the distance it appears as a point in the sky. During a bright sunny day shadows are sharp. If you were to create a [PS] or [DS] scene and decided to set the sun with soft shadows, while visibly showing an outdoor, sunny day, that scene would look unrealistic. People might not know immediately what the problem was, but they would perceive that something was not quite right.\
 \
During an overcast day, shadows are very faint, to the point of not being visible. That is because the layer of clouds between the Earth and the Sun diffuses the light and acts as a light source; a huge, all-covering, light source. Large light sources create soft shadows. The larger the light, the softer the shadow. If you want to create soft shadows in your Reality scene stay away from sunlight and spotlights and use a [ML], <!-- \\index\{[ML]\} --> which is included in the Reality add-ons. Any polygonal mesh can be turned into a mesh light but simple planes are usually the best option because  they only have one face. When using a mesh light each face/polygon is a light source and each light source will add more time to your render. Unless you need very special shapes for the light source, the [ML]  add-on will work perfectly.\
\
If you need to use the Sun <!-- \\index\{Sun\} -->and want to have softer shadows, like during an overcast day, you can simulate that situation in Reality. Contrary to what many believe, "dimming" the sun doesn't give soft shadows. Remember, the brightness of a light doesn't determine the sharpness of the shadows, the size does.\
\
So, if we want to soften the light of the Sun we need to diffuse it, to convert it from being a small light source to be a much larger one. This can be done with a diffuser, which is a just a large plane placed between the Sun and the subject. We can use a plane primitive from the host or the included Reality Simple Plane prop. Here is how it's done:\
 \
- Add the Simple Plane prop to the scene. That is our diffuser.\
- Place diffuser between the Sun and your subject and scale it to be around two meters (6.5 feet).\
- Switch to Reality and select the material of the diffuser in the Material Editor.\
- Right click and convert the material to be Matte.\
- Enable the checkbox to make it translucent.\
- Adjust the alpha (transparency) to add a little more transparency to the diffuser so that a little more light passes through. Don't overuse this, you just need a little transparency. The default Alpha is set to 1.0, which means that the material is completely opaque. A lower setting will allow more of light to pass through the diffuser, and vice versa. A good starting point would be 0.6, or 60% opaque (40% transparent).\
\
This little trick, which is used every day in Hollywood productions, will give you soft light and soft shadows while using the Sun.\
\
### Indirect lighting is always on ###\
\
Light, in real life, bounces off objects and "touches" surrounding objects, picking up colors and other characteristics. For example, light hitting a metal surface will be reflected quite strongly and will light nearby objects. This is called indirect lighting. In LuxRender indirect lighting is always active and so your scene will require generally fewer lights than when using [hrenderer].}