{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Camera Editor allows you to set the exposure controls for each camera. These controls are the same that are found on a standard photo camera: ISO speed, shutter speed and aperture (f-stop). <!-- \\index\{Exposure\} -->\
\
If you render animations it is important that the exposure is kept consistent throughout the animation. To do so use the following workflow:\
\
- Render one test frame of your animation and set the exposure in LuxRender. \
- Copy the values to Reality\
- Render the whole animation. The exposure will be set for each rendered frame and the sequence will render correctly.\
\
##Film Response\
<!-- \\index\{Film response\} -->\
This feature allows you to use one of the many film emulations of LuxRender. Film response profiles are descriptions of the way several real film stocks react to light and color. \
\
For example, the Kodachrome series of films have been used in the past by photographers to achieve a certain look because of the very specific color response of that film. Reality provides access to the whole set of LuxRender film response with descriptions that match the manufacturers' products.\
\
Some Film response names have the "B&W" suffix to indicate that its an emulation of "Black and White" film. Some names have the "Color Rev." suffix to indicate diapositives or film for "slides." This is called "color reversal" film because the final result is expected to be projected and not printed on paper.}