{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ri-5758\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The Advanced tab controls certain aspects of how Reality behaves and how it sets defaults for new scenes.\
\

\f1\fs24 \{$SCRImageLink[w:300;h:209]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-advanced.png\}
\f0\fs28  "The Advanced options"\
\
Let's see the values used in this tab one by one.\
\
- Max material Previews cached. <!-- \\index\{Material preview\} -->When you work in the Material Editor, Reality shows you a preview of the material you are working on. To speed things up, Reality keeps a certain number of materials in memory. This value determines how many material previews are kept at any given time in memory (cache). The default is five. Higher numbers will give you faster response from the program at the cost of a little more memory used.\
- LuxRender Display refresh interval. When Reality generates a LuxRender scene it sets how often LuxRender should refresh its display. This value controls that interval.\
- LuxRender write interval. This value determines how often LuxRender will save the rendered image.\
- Ignore [ILs]. [ILs] generally render very poorly in LuxRender. <!-- \\index\{[IL]\} -->They are an artificial construction of biased renderers and are generally not useful at all with unbiased renderers like LuxRender. Since there are several pre-made light sets designed for the host that employ Infinite Lights, this setting is a handy way to avoid having to remove those harsh lights by hand.\
- Convert [ILs] to mesh lights. This is an alternative approach to using [ILs]. When this value is set Reality will convert the [ILs] to large [MLs] floating above the scene. This approach removes the harshness of [ILs] while keeping the contribution of the light to the scene. Results can vary widely, depending on the setup. Nevertheless this flag can be easily turned on or off before exporting to compare the result of its influence.\
- Convert Spot lights to mesh lights. <!-- \\index\{Spotlight\} -->This flag acts in a similar way to the one for Infinite Lights. A very small mesh light will be created in place of the spot. This option will produce a more pleasant, less harsh light, but the mesh light will not have the characteristic cone. It will be just positioned and oriented in the same way of the original spot. This flag can also be toggled on or off before exporting the scene to LuxRender.\
- Use native OS Look. If enabled, this box will cause Reality to switch its look to be like a native Mac OS or Windows application.\
- Keep UI responsive. When running LuxRender the program, by default, takes control of all the cores present in you computer. This can, sometimes, render the User Interface of the computer sluggish. By enabling this option you tell Reality to automatically leave 10% of the computer's cores available. This makes the UI more responsive.  \
\
The second group of values is grouped under the label **Defaults for new scenes.**  Those values affect how Reality configures a new scene when it's created inside the host.\
\
- LuxRender GPU acceleration On. If this value is enabled then the GPU acceleration will be enabled for all new scenes.<!-- \\index\{GPU\} -->\
- Overwrite warning On. If this value is enabled Reality will ask you confirmation before overwriting the LuxRender scene file and the related rendered image, if they exist before exporting the scene to LuxRender.\
- OpenCL Group size. Some nVidia drivers have a bug that causes the image to be completely black if the OpenCL group size is not set to 64. By setting this value here we avoid having to set it for every new scene. 
\fs24 <!-- \\index\{OpenCL\} -->\

\fs28 - Location for new scene files. This field can be used to change the default directory where Reality creates new files for the render. Reality sets the location for the .lxs file and the image file generated for the render. The default location selected by Reality is the Documents folder of the user. If we change the location in the Advanced tab then Reality will use that directory from that point on.\
}