{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 **Collect Textures**\
Collecting textures allows you to store all the textures for the scene in a directory, from where they can easily be copied. This can be necessary, for example, when you need to move the scene to a different computer. Reality creates a subdirectory named by appending *-resources* to the name of the image file. For example, if the image file is called "reality-scene.png" then a directory named "reality-scene-resources" will be created at the same folder where the image file is stored. In that directory Reality copies all the files necessary to render the scenes. There is where the collected textures are stored.\
\
**Texture Size**\
\
Together with *Collect Textures* this option allows you to greatly reduce the amount of memory required to render your animation by resizing the textures. For example you can set each texture to be no wider than 1024 pixels. \
During the texture collection Reality will check the width of each texture and compare it against the maximum value selected. If the value is higher, then the texture is resized. Reality saved the scaled texture as a PNG file to avoid loss of data due to transcoding. \
\
The minimum size of the texture is 256 pixels wide (0.25K). The maximum is 2048 pixels wide (or 2K). The last value for this slider is *Full size.* This allows you to collect the textures without resizing them. **Please note that this option does not need to be used with standard CPU rendering. Scaling texture is something that is normally required when suing the Pure GPU rendering. GPUs have much lower memory available and texture can easily fill it. When using standard CPU rendering this option should be set to *Full Size* **.}