{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Photographers use lighting for creating their artistic vision. There are many, very creative uses of light and professional photographers often buy all sort of light fixtures to express themselves. What they cannot do is to hide a light if it's in the frame. That's the reality of the physical world. \
\
LuxRender is a physics-based renderer and that means that it recreates, as faithfully as possible, what happens in the real world. That means that lights are visible. The trick of having invisible lights is a necessity for biased renderers. With those programs it is often necessary to use invisible lights for simulating indirect light or other properties of physical light. \
\
In LuxRender we don't need that kind of subterfuge, indirect light is always available. There is no reason for a light to be in the frame if we don't want to see it there. If the light should not appear in the frame then there is a very simple solution: move it outside the frame.\
\
Having said so please note that when we use [MLs] we can actually place a light and not see it, as long as the light is not facing the camera. This is because Reality does not export the back of the light. Only the light-emitting plane is exported. The back of the light-emitting plane is not visible in the render so the light source is completely invisible. }