{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The following are the biggest new features in Reality [version] compared to the previous one. Many more feature are in the program, ready to be discovered.\
\
- Added support for Genesis, Genesis 2 and all the other DSON-imported models\
- Automatic Presets. A large library of material presets that are loaded automatically as an object is added to the scene. Presets can be added by you and shared with other Reality artists. \
- Universal Presets. These are material configurations that can be saved and applied to any material. A library of presets is shipped with Reality. There are presets for emerald, jade, hammered gold, latex, marble, and more.\
- The Preset manager allows you to export and import any number of presets with ease\
- Material synchronization makes it easy to synchronize a group of materials to a base material. This is a great time saver when editing multiple materials.\
- New User Interface look is more efficient and it fits naturally with Poser\
- The new Meshlight has an extensible snoot to control the light spill. A "gobo" allows artists to apply patterns to the mesh light for endless light effects.\
- New option allows you to create an image map with a single click\
- Added strength control for Normal Maps\
- Added texture optimization when exporting to LuxRender. Smaller scene files are generated, which load and render faster. \
- Vastly improved and expanded Reality User's Guide (this book).  The Guide also includes a fully interactive Index.\
}