{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 LuxRender has a powerful feature that allows you to adjust the brightness and color of light **while
\b ** 
\b0 the render is running. To use this feature you need to create light groups. When one or more groups have been defined then you can use the "Light Groups" tab in LuxRender to adjust the brightness, color temperature or tint. \
\
Reality assigns some lights to pre-defined light groups:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 - The Sun is set in its own group called "Sun" and the sky has its own "Sky" group.\
- Spotlights are grouped in "Spots"\
- [MLs] are grouped in "Mesh Lights"\
- Point lights are grouped in "Point Lights"\
- [ILs] are grouped in "Misc." \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
###Custom light groups\
<!-- \\index\{Light groups\} -->\
Reality allows us to define our own groups for finer control. In the light editor there is a field where we can type the group name. See figure <!--\\ref\{light_editor.png\}-->. Using the same group name for multiple lights will group them together. If we assign a different group for each light then we will be able to change the light properties, color, brightness and so on, of each light individually. Please remember that this feature can take more memory during rendering so it's best to use the minimum amount of light groups necessary.}