{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\pard\tx0\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\ri-5794\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 This guide has several features that are meant to help you find the information needed in the fastest way possible. Since Reality works in the same way, regardless if the version used connects to [PS] or to [DS], there is a single edition of this guide. Whenever a feature is specific to [PS] or [DS], the text will clearly say so. Since several artists use both [PS] and [DS] having all the information about Reality in a single guide is also quite convenient. \
\
The figure numbers referred to by the text are clickable links that bring you directly to the place where the figure is. The page numbers in the Index are clickable links as well. The page numbers in the Table of Contents are links.\
Links to videos are functional and will open the video in your default web browser. All the videos featured in this guide are hosted on YouTube.\
\
Wherever you see a reference to a section like (section XX.YY) that text is an active link that jumps to the relevant page in the book.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 User Interface elements are shown in **boldface**.\
\
###The host\
The guide describes the features of Reality for both [DS] and [PS], referred to from now on as the plugin's **"hosts."** Wherever this guide uses the word **host** it means either [PS] or [DS].\
\
###The built-in renderers\
It's not always a known fact that [PS] and [DS] use an additional component to render their scenes. This is similar to how Reality uses LuxRender to render. So, when we render in [PS] we actually use a program called *Firefly*, which is licensed by [SMI] and integrated into [PS].\
\
When we render in [DS] we actually use a program called 3Delight, developed by DNA Research,  which is licensed by DAZ and integrated into [DS].\
\
In the discussion of what Reality does, we might refer to Firefly or 3Delight to highlight differences of result or workflow. When you see a reference to Firefly it means the rendering system of [PS] and when you see a reference to 3Delight it means the rendering system of [DS].\
}