{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5773\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Materials are made of several "channels," inputs that define some properties of the material. The combination of all the channels produces the final result. The channels have specific names and this section is meant to give a quick overview of the role of each channel.\
\
- **Diffuse.** This channel gives the basic color of a surface. It can be a solid color or an image map or a combination of several elements. The end result is to provide the color, or colors, of the surface. While it's called "Diffuse," the channel has nothing to do with the idea of diffused light. It's simply about the basic appearance of a surface.\
- **Specular.** This channel defines the shiny "coat" of a glossy material. The specular channel defines the amount of light that is reflected by the shiny surface of a glossy material and how polished that surface is. \
- **Alpha.** This channel defines the transparency of a material. It can be defined as a single value, for example, the material is 50% transparent, or with a transparency map. Such a map will use black to define portions of the surface that are transparent and white for portions of the surface that are opaque. Shades of grey will define points that are partially transparent, depending on the shade of grey.\
- **Bump map.** This channel defines the simulated bumpiness of a surface. It's simulated because bump mapping doesn't move the surface, it simply paints the shading of what bumps and dents would cause to that surface.\
- **Displacement map.** This channels defines the displacement of a surface. It works similarly to the bump map but this channels causes actual movement of the surface. To displace the surface the geometry of the material must be very fine. Since this is not always the case, the subdivision parameter is used to subdivide the surface during rendering and obtain smaller polygons that can be easily moved based on the data in the displacement map. <!-- \\index\{Subdivision\} -->\
}