{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When you look at the properties of the Reality materials they seem a lot simpler than both the [PS] versions and the [DS] versions. In [PS] you might find a long list of nodes linked together. In [DS] you might find a long list of shader properties spanning several screen lengths.\
\
Reality materials are defined by their characteristics, like being Velvet, Metal or Glass. Those characteristics in many cases include multiple parameters in a traditional renderer that may not be necessary for an unbiased renderer. \
\
For example, a Glass material needs opacity control in [PS] or [DS], while that is not necessary in Reality since Glass is by definition transparent. **The alpha channel 
\f1  <!-- \\index\{Alpha channel\} -->
\f0 for Glass in Reality is only used to create irregular edges or holes in the material.** So, the list of properties in Reality is in many cases different and generally simpler than what you see with a biased renderer. It's also easier to read because it maps properties of real-life materials and it uses simpler terms, whenever possible.\
\
## See before you render: The Material Preview ##\
\
When tweaking and adjusting a material it's nice to be able to see how it will look without having to wait for the whole scene to render. For this task there is the Material Preview.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:149;h:155]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-mat-preview.png\}
\f0  "The Material Preview"\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 <!-- \\index\{Material preview\} -->\
Reality works in the background and renders a preview of the material whenever you make a change -- automatically and without blocking our workflow. This is a quick approximation of your material mapped either to a sphere or a plane. The preview is close to the final result but it's not completely accurate, for reasons of speed. It will give you a good understanding of the material's colors, textures, level of glossiness, and so forth. Nevertheless we constantly improve it and for Reality the glass preview is closer to the final result than before. \
\
When making materials for such important areas of human models like lips, face and eyes, you have a third option for the preview: Shape. Shape gives you a stylized pair of lips, a simplified face and a stylized eye to help you see more precisely the effect of your material. These shapes are all mapped to reflect the real model so that textures project as expected.
\f1 \
\
Another great feature of the Material Preview is that the previews are persistent: if you select another material and then come back to the original material, the preview will be shown immediately without re-rendering it. The number of previews cached is limited. By default Reality will cache five previews. You can change this number, setting it up to twenty, in the Advanced tab. Reality also automatically detects the Shape preview for certain materials. When previewing the lips or face materials of some figures Reality will automatically select the "Shape" preview. \
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \

\b0 ## Resetting materials to the original state ##\
\
Sometimes things don't go in the direction that we want. After tweaking a material for a few minutes you might find yourself in a situation where you would rather start again from the beginning, from the original material that was imported by Reality from the host. In this case you can simply right-click on a material and then select **Revert to original** to start from the settings that were used at the beginning of the session.\
}