{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- \\index\{Bump map\} -->  <!-- \\index\{Normal map\} -->\
You can load a bump map or a normal map in this part of the UI. Reality will take the bump map from the host, if one is used in the material's shader.  If you use a normal map you will have to notify Reality about this by enabling the Normal Map in the texture editor.\
\
Reality recognizes several standard suffixes for the file name. If the file ends with "NRM", "normal" or "nmap" then the flag will be set automatically. For example, a file named **Face_NRM.png** will be automatically recognized to be a normal map. The uppercase/lowercase mix of letters doesn't matter. When a normal map is used the Bump map the Negative and Positive values are not used. \
\
Normal maps are used in place of bump maps. Normal maps also provide a much more realistic result and can be an excellent replacement for displacement maps, resulting in renders that take a fraction of the time and the memory to finish, compared to displacement maps. There are several programs, free or inexpensive, that can generate normal maps from the diffuse or bump map. It's definitely worth spending some time getting familiar with this great technique. When using normal maps the Negative and Positive parameters (see below) are disabled because they are not relevant. The Strength parameter remains available for normal maps.\
\
The parameters for controlling the effects of the bump map are:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 - Strength.
\b  
\b0  The overall strength of the bump map. \
- Negative. The maximum distance of the indent (dip) created by the bump map.\
- Positive.
\b  
\b0 The maximum distance of the raised portion (bump) of the bump map.}