{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Like with many other things, if we want to obtain the best results with Reality we need to look at real life. A frequent request is to get nice reflections in the eyes of a character. Reflections come from objects reflected in the cornea of the figure. The cornea is the lens in from of the the iris. If you observe a person near you who shows reflections in the eyes, you will see that the reflection appears on the surface of the cornea.\
\
To replicate the effect with Reality this is how you need to configure the cornea material:\
\
- Make sure that the cornea is set to Architectural Glass with an IOR of 1.4 or 1.5. Most models come already set in this way.\
- Make sure that the Tint and Reflection textures are set to be solid color and pure white\
- Make sure that there is no Alpha map and that the alpha strength is set to 1.0\
- Make sure that there is no Bump map texture\
\
To have reflections in the eyes you need a bright object to be reflected. A mesh light is generally the best solution. Add a mesh light in your scene and make sure that it's positioned quite frontal, in respect to the eye of the subject. \
\
##Camera position\
\
In real life light reflects at an angle that is equal and opposite to the angle it strikes the surface. This means that if you have a light at 45 degrees to the left of the subject, it will reflect 45 degrees in the right direction. This fact is important to understand how to place your camera. If you camera is in a position to not see the reflected object then you will not get the right result. Most of the time this is not an issue but I have seen scene setups where the camera was placed at extreme angles and the author could not see the effect desired. That is normal and expected. It works in the same way with real people, real light and real cameras. We cannot bend the laws of physics so it's wise to simply work around them. Move the light and the camera until they see each other and you will get the right effect.}