{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 There are times when we want to make a group of materials to act like a material that we have changed but we don't want to replace all the textures. For example, we might want to synchronize all the materials to use the same glossiness values and bump map of a reference material but we don't want to replace the specular map. \
\
In that case using the copy and paste doesn't work. Using multi-edit can do a lot but we can't change the gain of the Diffuse map for a bunch of materials with multi-edit.\
\
Reality's Material Sync is a very flexible solution that can save you a lot of time.\
\
For example, let's say that we have adjusted the settings for a material and you want to have a group of materials to take some of the settings from this base material but not all of them. For example, we might want to assign the same texture for the bump map and the same values of glossiness but leave all the other parameters untouched.\
\
We cannot use multi-edit in the case because it doesn't work with the creation of textures. Textures are much more powerful and complex in Reality 4 so that option can be used. \
\
This is how it works:\
\
- We select al the materials that we need to sync, included the reference material\
- With all the materials selected, we right click on the reference material\
- From the popup menu we select **Sync with ...** where in place of the ... there is the name of the reference material. In the following figure I right-clicked on the 3_SkinArm material:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f1 \cf0 \{$SCRImageLink[w:300;h:197]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-syncmat-01.png\}
\f0  "Material Sync menu"\
\
\
A window will be shown that allows us to select what parameters we need to update:\
\

\f1 \{$SCRImageLink[w:300;h:233]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-syncmat-02.png\}
\f0  "Material Sync window"\
\
By enabling the **Glossiness values** we make all the materials assume the same glossiness strength of, in this case, 3_SkinArm. The same is for the bump map values and the bump map texture. If a material doesn't have a bump map texture then a new one, an exact replica of the bump map texture of 3_SkinArm, will be created for it. If  material has a bump map texture already, then that texture is deleted and replaced with a copy of the bump map texture of 3_SkinArm.\
\
It's important to remember that the we set the reference material by right-clicking on it. \
\
The Material synchronization is a great time saver that makes applying changes to a batch of materials a breeze.\
}