{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- \\index\{Universal Presets\} -->\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural
\cf0 In addition to the Automatic Presets Reality allows you to save a give material configuration as a stand-alone preset that can be manually applied to any material. This is called a Universal Preset, because such preset can be applied to any material, regardless of what object was used to create it.\
\
For example, you can use a sphere primitive to create a metallic Universal Preset and then apply it to a sword prop.\
\
To save your Universal Preset simply customize the material and then right-click on it. Select **Save as a Universal preset**. The window in figure <!--\\ref\{reality-universal-preset.png\}--> will appear.\
\

\f1 \{$SCRImageLink[w:300;h:221]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-universal-preset.png\}
\f0  "The Universal Preset window"\
\
A universal preset needs to be associated to a category, to make it easy to find it later, when needed.\
A short name needs to be give to the preset. It's best to use short, descriptive names. For example, the standard bundle of presets of Reality includes a "Hammered gold" preset. That name makes it clear what it is.\
\
In the description field you can add a full description for the preset, including special instructions. To help understand the exact effect of the preset a material preview can be generated. That is done with the **Make preview** button. The quality slider can be used to increase or decrease the quality of the preview. In general it's best to have high quality previews. Reality estimates how long the preview will take, so that you can determine the right balance of time and quality.\
\
When you press **OK** the preset is saved. To use a preset do as follows:\
\
- Select one of more materials\
- Right-click on one of the selected materials and select **Apply a Universal Preset**\
- Find the preset that you want and confirm. All selected materials will be changed.\
}