{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reality gives you the ability to disable a preset or to import and export a group of presets.\
\
From time to time it might be necessary to try a skin or texture package in [PS]/[DS] without loading an automatic preset. Instead of deleting the preset you can simply disable it and re-enabled later on.\
\
The Preset Manager provide full control over the installed presets. You can access the preset manager from the Reality menu. Select **Presets | Preset Manager** and a window will appear, allowing you to perform a series of tasks on the presets. See figure <!--\\ref\{Reality-preset-manager.png\}-->\
\
\

\f1 \{$SCRImageLink[w:400;h:287]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-preset-manager.png\}
\f0  "The Preset Manager"\
\
####How to disable a preset\
\
- Select it in the list\
- Slick on the **Edit** button and uncheck the **Enabled** box \
- Click on the **Save** button\
\
####How to delete a preset\
\
- Select it from the list\
- Click on the **Delete** button\
- Confirm the deletion\
\
####How to Export a series of presets\
\
One or more presets can be exported into a single file called a *Shader Bundle*. A material preset is technically called a *shader* and a Reality preset can contain multiple shaders. A Reality Shader Bundle is a text file that can be easily distributed via email or any other electronic service. A bundle can be imported by a user using the Preset Manager.\
\
- Select the presets in the list. Use Cmd-click (Mac OS) or Ctrl-click (Windows) to select multiple presets at the same time.\
- Click on the **Export** button.\
- Enter a file name for the bundle. Make sure to select the right folder where to save the file and take of that folder.\
- Reality will ask you for a title for the bundle. Enter a descriptive text and confirm.\
\
The bundle will be created on disk with the name that you selected and with the extension `.rsb`, which stands for Reality Shader Bundle.\
\
####How to import a series of presets\
\
- From the Preset Manager click on the **Import** button\
- Navigate where you have a `.rsb` file\
- Select the file\
- The presets are added to your database and are ready to be used\
\
}