{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!-- \\index\{Material!Water\} -->\
This material is one of the most exciting features of Reality. Water allows you to create very realistic-looking water like you see in high-end 3D programs.  The parameters for water definition are:\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 - **Tint.** The color for the water. Use it to create orange juice, wine, beer or any other liquid. Please render responsibly.\
- **Ripple amount.** If this number is higher than 0 then Reality will create ripples in the final render of the material. Higher values for this parameter create bigger, deeper ripples.\
- **Ripple type.** There are six different types of ripples that can be selected. Each type provides a unique pattern for the water rippling. We can see a sample of the pattern next to its name.\
- **IOR.** Liquids, like glass, refract the light. The default Index Of Refraction for the Water material is 1.3 but we can change it to anything that we want with this parameter.\
- **Clarity at depth.** The measure of how far you can see into the water. Expressed in meters.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
The easiest way to add water to your scene is to use the Water Plane or the Round Water Plane props provided with Reality. Just add one of those props in your scene, scale it to fit and render. Alternatively we can also import any OBJ into the host and convert it to water. If the OBJ already has a single material called **RealityWater** then Reality will do the assignment of the water material automatically. \
\
Water has also an alpha channel to help define irregular shapes for the water prop by using a transparency map. Please note that the same issues for alpha maps explained in the Glass material apply here.  <!-- \\index\{Alpha channel\} -->}