{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 We can turn any material into a light by right-clicking on its name in the material list and selecting "Convert to light." When this option is used the material will be removed from the list and instead a light with the same name will be added in the Light tab. \
\

\f1\fs24 \{$SCRImageLink[w:300;h:179]=/Users/paolo/devel/Reality/documentation/images/UI/Reality-convert-to-light.png\}
\f0\fs28  "The 'Convert to light' option"\
\
Alternatively we can make a material to emit light by enabling the **Light emission** flag in the Modifiers tab. Both options are valid. The **Light emission** approach provides an additional level of flexibility because we can preserve the material texture and then add an additional texture to define the light emission pattern. See [Light emission][] for more details.\
\
When we convert a material to a light, if the source material has an image map attached to it, then the light will also have the same texture with the result that the light will be colored with the image map. This setup can be used to create glowing objects like monitor screens of TVs. When using this type of light it's important to adjust the exposure <!-- \\index\{Exposure\} -->of the image so that the converted light is not overexposed. Overexposing will wash out the image detail resulting in loss of detail. To correct this issue we can simply switch the LuxRender tonemapper to Linear and adjust the exposure until the light regains detail.\
\
Material to light conversion can be used effectively to convert a large amount of scene elements into LEDs and other light sources.\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 When a material is converted to a light Reality automatically assigns the light to a light group that has the same name of the material. In this way it's very easy to adjust the brightness of the material while rendering. Please make sure to set the LuxRender tonemapper to Linear so that the result works as expected.\
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
To revert a light back to a material, click on the **Convert to material** button in the Light Editor.\
}