{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
With LuxRender we have an unlimited license to use as many CPUs and as many render nodes we want. Network rendering is accomplished by running the command-line version of LuxRender on each render node and then connecting the main render process to the nodes. Render nodes can be a mixture of Mac OS, Windows and Linux machines. \
\
To add render nodes we can follow this procedure:\
\
\pard\tx560\pardeftab720\pardirnatural
\cf0 - Install exactly the same version of LuxRender on every machine that will participate in the render process. The exact version means the revision number; you can mix Mac OS, Windows and Linux nodes without issue. For the sake of this tutorial we assume Luxrender 1.3\
- Start the command-line processor on each node. On Mac OS we need to use Terminal.app, located in /Applications/Utilities. On Linux we can use any of the many terminal emulators available. On Windows we need to start cmd.exe.\
- Run the luxconsole command in server mode by typing the command: `luxconsole -s`\
- Take note of the IP address of the render node. For this example we assume that it is 192.168.0.2.\
- We go back to the main machine where we have Reality installed, and start the render as usual.\
- When LuxRender starts rendering the scene we click on the Network tab and add 192.168.0.2 in the Server input field. \
- We meed to repeat the process for every render node that we have.\
- LuxRender will sends the scene and all the textures to the render node. If we look at the render node screen we will see the activity about the sent files. After a while the nodes will start sending samples and contributing to the render process.\
}