{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Render tab has all the options to control the final result of the render. The page shown in this tab is organized by group. We select a group by clicking on a name in the left column list. \
The groups available are:\
\
- Output. This group handles everything related to the generation of the image and the files that are provided to LuxRender. The rendering happens by exporting the geometry, materials, and lights from the host to LuxRender. The export is done by writing a few files in the LuxRender format and then calling LuxRender to process them. The result is an image file.\
- Scene configuration. During rendering LuxRender calculates the paths of light from the source to the camera. There are several algorithms that can be used for that calculation. The *Scene configuration* group allows us to select the right algorithm. This is a rather advanced topic which is best addressed by people who are quite familiar with LuxRender or who need to use GPU acceleration. Otherwise it can be ignored by most Reality users.\
- Renderer. This group contains the options to link Reality to LuxRender and to change how the renderer runs.\
- Texture collection. Reality can collect texture in a single location so that a scene can be moved to a different machine without requiring the installation of the the host's runtimes again.}