{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Reality has support for animation rendering. Animations are rendered as sequences of frames, each frame saved to an individual file. To create a video animation file you then need to assemble the frames using an NLE (Non Linear Editor) like Adobe Premiere, Apple Final Cut, or compositing programs like Adobe After Effects. Blender's video editor can also be used, which provides you with a zero-cost solution for video editing.\
\
###Frame Numbering###\
If you want to automatically create a file name that includes a number corresponding to the frame, simply add a certain number of "#" characters at the end of the image file name. For example, if you change the image file name from the default to *reality_scene_##.png* and you render frame 42 of your animation, Reality will export the scene to a file named *reality_scene_42.png*. If you use more # signs the file name will be padded with zeros if necessary. For example, if the pattern used is *reality_scene_####.png* the generated image file will be named *reality_scene_0042.png*.\
\
Once you're done setting your animation range all you need to do is to click on the "Render Animation" button. Reality will export each scene file and then call LuxRender, adding the full animation set to the Render Queue. You will be able to see the full set of scene files passed by clicking on the "Queue" tab in LuxRender.\
\
###Rendering a frame subset###\
You don't have to render the whole animation as defined in [DS] or [PS]. If you click on the **Animation** button in the Render tab you will be able to specify a range of frames to be renderer. If you leave the start and end frame values at 0, the whole animation will be rendered. Otherwise you can specify a subset of frames, for example start frame 15 and end frame 95, and Reality will render only those frames. Please note that the range works in compatibility with the hosting application. With [DS] the first frame is numbered 0, and with [PS] it's numbered 1.\
}