{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5739\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ###Hide what you don't see\
\
LuxRender performs very demanding operations because it uses real-world mathematical models for calculating the effects of light and the behavior of materials. While often it's a good idea to render off-camera objects, many times you will save a considerable amount of time and memory by not exporting part of your scene that is not visible. \
\
For example, many scenes that use the DAZ human figures, like Victoria or Michael, pose the models with their mouths closed. In that situation hiding the teeth, tongue and gums saves you hundreds of polygons during the export, polygons that will not be rendered but that will require memory for the geometry, the materials, the UV maps, etc. Save yourself some render time by hiding them before rendering. \
\
###Keep it simple\
\
After you use Reality and LuxRender for a while you will get a sense of how things work and what to expect. Until you get there, keep your scene simple. Load a simple scene, a few props, and a human figure. Add just one mesh light. Render the scene at a low resolution, something around 800x450. This will likely give you a very quick result and a way of checking that your system works with Reality and LuxRender. From there increase the complexity gradually. In a short amount of time you will develop the skills to recognize the different scenarios and how to optimize Reality for them.\
}